BOOK II: PRAYER ١٨١


When a person in the state of tayammum sees water and is able to use it, his
prayer is nullified. Additionally, when the period of wiping the khuf(footgear)is
complete, the prayer is annulled and the same rule applies to a person who takes
off his khuf in prayer.


٤١ oV lai


If an illiterate person(who neither reads nor writes)learns a verse while he is
engaged in prayer alone, then it stands nullified. This occurs by the illiterate
person recalling the verse after having forgotten it, or he memorised it
immediately after hearing it, or learnt it from an external source outside of the
prayer.'

١ ple ig sll Ulm ٥٥


Finding clothes to cover one's nakedness, renders the prayer void.
sgrly ESN SE ye ll iy


If a person who prays by nodding his head becomes able to bow and prostrate
normally during the prayer, his prayer stands nullified because he cannot
construct something strong upon something that began weak.


IP GUL Si,


The remembering of a missed prayer, one which is required to be performed in
order, nullifies the prayer. For example; if a person is engaged in the 'asr prayer
and then remembers he missed the dhuhr prayer, then the prayer is void and one
must make up the missed prayer followed by the current one. This is owing to the
order of prayer - which is wajib.


Lalo]calvar Y pe GSLs


If, during the prayer, the imam is replaced with someone not eligible for the
position of imam, prayer is nullified, such as an illiterate person who has no
knowledge as to the procedures of prayer and what it entails or someone insane.


pl ٣ pal ¢ pbs


The rising of the sun at dawn invalidates prayer. Accordingly, if the dawn prayer
is offered at this time, then it is not valid. This is due to the hadith mentioned
earlier that "Ugbah ibn 'Amir((God be pleased with him))said[The Messenger
forbade us from praying at three(particular)times]and mentioned, at the rising of
the sun.


cptgl gly ٥٥


" Maraky al-Falah ١٨٧.

